this is all a game of profit and none of
these people care about the truth you
know who cares about the truth the most
honest youtuber I'm pretty much that the
purpose of this video is not to point
the finger at an Sen and call him a liar
in a sense what I'm doing is pointing
the finger at omission and pointing out
the extent to which he created in his
own mind a cult of honesty he became
deeply attached to this notion of
himself as an honest man this idea that
honesty is his defining characteristic
he's many many times called himself the
most honest man on YouTube and I think
there's something all of us can learn
from reflecting on that because all of
us in our lives are guided more than
we're guided by any particular ideology
more than regarded by any particular
belief we may be guided by our idea of
what the truth is and the ways in which
we're beholden to the truth in other
words our own personal cult of honesty
people think that we slept with this
girl that we've known for some time and
we haven't and it's weird you know that
people think that especially it's kind
of like you know there's a piece of pie
on the table and everyone's saying you
ate it yet you didn't and you're like
well can you blame me for something that
I actually did do and people are
obsessed with this idea they're like oh
they did it it's like but there's like
literally it's never happened so there's
literally no proof and you're going off
someone who hasn't known us in a very
long time so you have no eyewitnesses no
no anything no indicators or whatever
you know you guys you think you catch me
and lies and but you don't realize that
sometimes people say hey I'll see you at
two o'clock and then they say oh hey I
can't make it till 4:00 because
something came up and then you go liar
and it's actually like no plans just
change and people have to break promises
a broken promise is not
and that's what people don't get and
also people changed what's remarkable
here is not that he's lying it's that
he's so committed to this perverse idea
of himself as honest in that clip he's
spilling out for you the deception and
the self-deception he's engaged in I'm
here treating it as truthful and factual
that the young woman he was employing as
a babysitter as a sort of live-in
babysitter that just a few days after
18th birthday he started having sexual
relations relations with her and as she
specified and as I showed on screen
there that happened just a few days
after he made that video in which he's
stating to the audience that never had
been any such relationship between him
and this young woman and there never
would be but then he also tells you
breaking a promise isn't the same as
telling a lie a broken promise is not a
lie and people change you know what's
true one period of your life isn't true
and also people change it's kind of it's
kind of eerie to reflect on how do you
think this started how do you think he
became so committed to this idea that he
wasn't gonna lie to get what he wants
that he was gonna maintain this very
peculiar sense of integrity of honesty
that sets him apart from all of the
youtubers it sets me apart from everyone
else in the world I perceive myself to
be an honest person because I constantly
tried to be honest and I don't recall me
ever intentionally being dishonest I
think we actually can trace two really
significant steps here one is the the
overly honest video he made about his
desire to sleep with his first wife's
younger sister I was kind of into my ex
Esther in-law I think that led him to be
involved in a kind of
of self-justification where he thinks of
himself is the only really honest person
he's being honest here on YouTube and
he's committed to this honesty he won't
let himself look back on reflect on him
regret that decision he made but if we
go back even further I think if you look
at the videos he made in which he talks
about vegetarianism he talks about the
importance of honesty about being honest
about where meat comes from I think it's
clear that at an earlier stage he really
developed this notion of what made him
different from other people what made
him vegetarian in a world where he was
surrounded by meat-eaters was that he
was willing to be honest with himself
and he was willing to be honest with you
the viewer about the horrifying truth
that's on our plates and in our
refrigerators in our daily lives I mean
I know it's sick and I know it's
disturbing but I would love to see just
for the sake of people acknowledging
what they're doing is whenever you buy
foods that are strictly plant-based or
you know vegetarian or whatever you have
this little image showing where it came
from or a general concept of where it
came from for instance a plant that's
cut up into a bunch of little pieces and
for me products they have a little image
of decapitated chicken with blood
spurting out or a cow with its throat
slit wide open I think that would be
really really good for the sake of
people opening their eyes to reality and
ending this whole life of denial that
seems to be consistent with meteors and
I know a lot of people would see all of
that's so offensive why would you do it
because it's reality there are some
people who can wallow in regret there
are some people who can almost enjoy
aesthetically the process of reflecting
on their failures reflecting on their
shortcomings and maybe even learning
from that process of reflecting and
there are some people who find regret so
painful psychologically that they'll
engage in extreme and aberrant behavior
to avoid reflecting on mistakes they
made in the past to avoid reflecting on
things that one way or another simply
went wrong anisia made a bad decision he
made a bad decision in creating a
YouTube video in which he openly
expressed his desire to sleep with his
wife's younger sister I was kind of into
my ex Esther in-law so there's a lot of
tension between me and other people on a
regular basis because I never really had
that passionate thing while I was
married so it was always like this pent
up tension or whatever towards other
people but my sister-in-law at the time
I was attracted to her and he stated the
possibility to be frank
he seemed to be fantasizing about the
possibility that instead of marrying the
woman who was then his wife he could
have instead romanced the younger sister
and waited for her to turn 18 and then
married the younger sister instead in
fact if I could turn back time you know
I would still wind up where I am because
I'm very happy with the spouse I have
now but if I didn't I wasn't to wind up
with the spouse I have now I would have
actually wanted to pursue this sister to
date her because we had so much more in
common and I would have had to wait a
few years because she was 15 and I was
18 at the time she even tried to kiss me
at one point I dodged it because one she
was intoxicated and two again our age
gap well I'm not sure was legal I think
it was legal actually but either way I
still dodged the kiss so I wouldn't even
risk something illegal happening but I
was always attracted to her cause she
was a lot more energetic she was a lot
more interesting and fun and the person
I married was very draining very
depressing but she liked anime and video
games so we were able to basically build
our entire marriage on that which is you
know pathetic it's not as if we have to
rely on the word of his embittered
ex-wife we get to hear a nice yen
himself spelling out his motivations his
desires and his fantasies because from
his perspective he was honest about it
he was deeply committed
to this cult of personal honesty let me
tell you something
feeling the desire to sleep with your
wife's sister that's one thing admitting
it to any other human being
that's another acting on the desire
pursuing the desire like expressing it
to the sister or you know making a move
and trying to initiate a relationship
with this it's a significant further
step and then discussing this publicly
on the internet this is a fourth very
ethically significant decision the
impression that I get from an se ins ex
wife who has been writing about this the
internet just in the last couple of days
is unsurprisingly that she was deeply
hurt egregiously emotionally wounded and
embittered by her husband's attempted
flirtation with her younger sister not
surprising not a sort of thing you might
anticipate um what has never occurred to
addition was that if he had these
feelings for his wife's younger sister
one option might be to suppress those
feelings never admit them to anyone
never meant them to the sister never
Badou the wife never talked about them
on the Internet
perhaps keep that a shameful secret
until the day you die or you know what
you might leave some things for you to
wistfully talk about when you're well
over 60 years old I mean that might have
taken the sting out of it but instead he
was committed to his own notion of
honesty he was beholden to the truth as
he sees it and feels it I think his
mentality is precisely that he won't let
himself regret it he's committed to
living a life without regrets and for
him that necess
thoroughly entails a refusal to reflect
on the harm done by his self-styled
honesty I'm a person who values honesty
to a great degree that I'm one of the
most honest youtubers if not the most
honest youtuber and they're like if you
say that it must not be true like they
say if you are a person who says that
you're honest honest people don't need
to say that they're honest so why are
you saying you're honest I don't recall
me ever intentionally being dishonest so
if I'm dishonest it's completely
unintentional but just so you know if
you if there's an instance where you
think I've done something dishonest if
there's there's a situation in which
basically my actions seem just kind of
like beyond what you would expect of me
I really hope that you utilize my
contact page to clarify it with me first
before you make any conclusions because
I perceive myself to be an honest person
because I constantly try to be honest
just believe in me and I'll do all I can
not to let you down thank you
1321 patrons I used to have more
[Music]